{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red168\green24\blue75;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16760\viewh13080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
CONFERENCE
\b0\fs32 \cf3 \
\
ASI hosts an annual conference for it\'92s growing reseller network where attendees are able to learn about the latest news in the restaurant and payments technology industry, as well as new software from ASI. The 2017 conference had approximately 200 attendees, including a group of sponsors. \
\
ASI did not have any specific branding elements for their annual conference that set it apart from it\'92s corporate brand. \
\
\'97\
\
ASI hosts an annual conference for it\'92s growing reseller and partner network called The ASI Reseller Conference. ASI has been hosting this conference for 16 years but has never had any consistent branding that set the conference apart from it\'92s corporate brand to make it a meeting that attendees could recognize on it\'92s own. As the conference continues to grow \'97 the 2017 meeting had approximately 200 attendees \'97 it was important that this conference start to have a more standardized, but adaptable, look and feel that attendees could come to know as the ASI Conference.\
\
Past meeting websites and collateral had no design elements that pulled everything together and the only distinguishing elements were solely images depicting the location of the conference. In addition, inefficiencies such as four separate websites, were being created every year \'97 one desktop and one mobile version for resellers and the same for sponsors. I reduced the number of websites to one reseller site and one sponsor site by designing and creating responsive sites. This cut down on confusion for conference goers and staff. \
\
I then created a pattern and layout that could work as a branding statement specific to the annual conference with enough flexibility that it could be altered each year to create a fresh feel. The pattern stems from the lettering of the \'91A\'92 in the ASI logo and, for 2017, the blue and green gradient for the pattern spoke to the colors in ASI\'92s product logos, Restaurant Manager and Duet. I applied the design elements to all aspects of the conference that had been excluded at past events such as the posters and directional signage, name badges and lanyards, agendas, bags, PowerPoint slide presentations, stages and podiums.\
\
\'97\
\
I then created a pattern and layout that worked as a branding statement specific to the annual conference with enough flexibility that it could be altered each year to create a fresh feel. The pattern stems from the lettering of the \'91A\'92 in the ASI logo and, for 2017, the gradient applied to the pattern hinted to the blue and green in ASI\'92s corporate colors for their product logos, Restaurant Manager and Duet. I applied the design elements to all aspects of the conference that had been excluded at past events such as the posters and directional signage, name badges and lanyards, agendas, bags, PowerPoint slide presentations, stages and podiums.\
\
\

\b\fs36 \cf2 DUET UI\
\

\b0\fs32 \cf3 Duet is a tablet point of sale system developed by ASI that draws on the companies\'92 30 years of restaurant industry experience. I worked with the product manager to create a user friendly and easy to learn experience. The software is used by multiple levels of restaurant staff who have a variety of expectations and needs for the software. An important aspect was that the screens be intuitive for reduced and quick training time of restaurant waiters and servers.\
\
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\

\b\fs36 \cf2 RESTAURANT MANAGER AND DUET WEBSITES
\b0\fs32 \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
The website for Restaurant Manager POS, www.rmpos.com, was a low converting site with an extraneous amount of pages that the user could easily get lost in, causing higher abandonment rates. Its non-responsive design and outdated graphics did not speak to it\'92s target audience or one of the products main incentives - that it\'92s easy to use. \
\
I worked as part of a team to develop visitor profiles and uncover core messaging. We surveyed all the pages and pulled out overlaying themes that were present but not concise. We then combined and/or removed expendable pages, providing enough engaging content that the visitor could be informed, but not too much that the visitor could become overwhelmed and lose their path to converting. I updated the graphics and outdated hardware the software was being displayed on. I also designed a more modern theme that better represented the company and product.\
\
Duet was a new product to the market and ASI wanted the two products to be visually related to one another. We also wanted to give users the option to switch between the two websites, if after going through the site, realized they needed what the other product could offer. \
\
We started to create the Duet website, www.duetpos.com, by preparing visitor profiles and buyers journeys. Based on this, the homepage was created to guide the user to learn as much as they could, and finally, guide them to want to speak with a local reseller. Strong visuals including people interacting with the product as well as screenshots showing resolved pain points, aided in this journey. \
\

\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\

\b\fs36 \cf2 RESTAURANT MANAGER AND DUET BRANDING/LOGOS
\b0\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ASI offers two different point of sale software solutions \'97 Restaurant Manager and Duet. ASI\'92s Restaurant Manager has been an established name in the restaurant industry for nearly 30 years. It\'92s a traditional server side point of sale system with an abundance of features. When Duet was introduced as a new tablet/cloud-based system, we wanted to draw on Restaurant Manager\'92s established and trusted brand. \
\
I started by revisiting the Restaurant Manager logo. I wanted to keep the logo easily recognizable to the existing customer base, maintaining the value of 30 years in the industry, but also update it to attract a new generation of customers. I opened up the leading, and used Fruitiger, the font that the company uses in much of it\'92s sales and marketing collateral, for both words in the logo to create a cleaner look. To have the logo stand out more when used in collateral where Frutiger was heavily used, I rounded the letters which created a more unique look.\
\
The circular element had originally been designed to indicate that Restaurant Manager was a complete and feature rich system. With new competition and more feature full products in the market today, ASI has shifted it\'92s messaging to place more emphasis on the local support and service customers receive when working with Restaurant Manager, since it\'92s sold exclusively through local resellers. I used a curved line for reference to the old logo but also to express the connection to customers through their local resellers. \
\
We wanted the Duet brand to be tied to Restaurant Manager but still be able to stand on it\'92s own. As with Restaurant Manager, Duet is sold exclusively through a local reseller channel, and that same connection is made in the Duet logo. I knew I also wanted to include the signature green and blue colors. Splitting the word by two different colors divided it too much, but using the symmetry of the u allowed for a nice application and also brought attention to putting the focus on you, the customer. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\fs32 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}